# Foam

👋 Welcome to your new Foam Eleventy Workspace!

## Getting started

This documentation assumes that you have a GitHub account and have [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) installed on your Linux/MacOS/Windows machine.

1. If you haven't yet, browse over to the main [Foam documentation workspace](https://foambubble.github.io/foam) to get an idea of what Foam is and how to use it.
2. Press "Use this template" button at [foam-template](https://github.com/foambubble/foam-template/generate) (that's this repository!) to fork it to your own GitHub account. If you want to keep your thoughts to yourself, remember to set the repository private.
3. [Clone the repository to your local machine](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository) and open it in VS Code.
4. When prompted to install recommended extensions, click **Install all** (or **Show Recommendations** if you want to review and install them one by one)

After setting up the repository, open [.vscode/settings.json](.vscode/settings.json) and edit, add or remove any settings you'd like for your Foam workspace.

## Using foam

We've created a few Bubbles (markdown documents) to get you started.

- [[inbox]] - a place to write down quick notes to be categorised later.
- [[foam-tips]] - tips to get the most out of your Foam workspace.
- [[todo]] - a place to keep track of things to do.
- [[about]] - a place to put a description about this Foam when published.

## Publishing your foam

When you're ready to publish some of your Bubbles for the world to see. First, you have to link the GitHub repository of this workspace with your Netlify account. (Create one if you don't have it already.)

Once that's done, all you have to do is add the changes you want and push them to the main branch. Netlify will recognize the changes, deploy them automatically and give you a link where your Foam is published.

That's it! You can now see it online and use that link to share it with your friends so that they can see it too.
 
[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[about]: bubbles/about "About this site"
[inbox]: bubbles/inbox "Inbox"
[foam-tips]: bubbles/foam-tips "Foam tips"
[todo]: bubbles/todo "Todo"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"